feat: add dockerfile output for Python builds (#1242)
oracle/macaron: docs/source/pages/tutorials/rebuild_third_party_artifacts.rst

========================
Step 4: Build Validation
========================

Validating builds is a crucial post-build step that should be performed independently of the build process. Once a build is complete, it is essential to verify that the resulting artifacts meet the established expectations and accurately reflect the original source. Validation techniques vary, ranging from bitwise equivalence, where the artifacts must match exactly at the binary level, to semantic equivalence, which ensures functional similarity even when the binary outputs differ. Each approach offers distinct advantages depending on the specific context.

For example, `Daleq <https://github.com/binaryeq/daleq>`_ is a tool that disassembles Java bytecode into an intermediate representation to infer equivalence between Java classes. Daleq is developed based on recent `research <https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.08427>`_ that proposes practical levels for establishing binary equivalence. To learn more about how Daleq works, see the `paper <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.01530>`_.

*************************
Rebuilding a Python wheel
*************************

> The above workflow can be adopted to generate build specifications for Python wheels, often distributed via PyPi, as well. Consider the purl ``pkg:pypi/docker@7.1.0``. We can run analyze like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above workflow can be adopted to generate build specifications for Python wheels, often distributed via PyPI, as well. Consider the purl ``pkg:pypi/docker@7.1.0``. We can run analyze like:
```

.. code-block:: shell

    ./run_macaron.sh analyze -purl pkg:pypi/docker@7.1.0

> As with the Maven example, we can also generate a JSON buildspec if we wish to. For the purposes of this tutorial, we will generate a dockerfile output. To do so, we can run ``gen-build-spec`` with the output format flag set to ``dockerfile`` as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the Maven example, it is also possible to generate a JSON buildspec. However, for this tutorial, we will generate a ``dockerfile`` output. To do this, run ``gen-build-spec`` with the ``--output-format`` flag set to ``dockerfile``, as shown below:
```
